Remaining section review (#11)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/cookbook/silver.module.md

# silver.module

silver.module is a special Content Type that enables you to load specific controllers using a Content item.
silver.module defines a controller path and optionally parameters for this controller.
This provides a convenient opportunity to define custom, simple and translatable URLs using a silver.module name to any controller.

Following attributes are possible:

|Attribute name|Description|Example value|
|--- |--- |--- |

> |Name|The name of the silver.module. It is shown on the front end and is translatable.|"My test module", results in the URL: `/my-test-module`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Name|The name of the silver.module. It is shown on the frontend and is translatable.|"My test module", results in the URL: `/my-test-module`|
```

> |Controller|The controller which should be loaded when clicking that module. Define the controller including the fully-qualified namespace and the controller method separated by two colons (`::`). The silver.module controller handler which loads the target controller automatically validates if the controller class and action method are available and throws an exception otherwise.|`\Silversolutions\Bundle\EshopBundle\Controller\CommonController::testAction`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Controller|The controller which should be loaded when clicking that module. Define the controller including the fully-qualified namespace and the controller method separated by two colons (`::`). The silver.module controller handler which loads the target controller automatically validates if the controller class and action method are available or throws an exception otherwise.|`\Silversolutions\Bundle\EshopBundle\Controller\CommonController::testAction`|
```
